BEM

When naming my classes ive tried to be consitant with using the bem namin methology. 
If we look at my navigation as an example you can see that each class referes to the 
site-header class witch makes it very readable and easy to understand what each class goes to. 
Since i use sass i have nested my modifier witch in this case is in may site-header__menu and is shown with the dubble hyphen. 

I used grid for my main layout. since i wanted to have a sidebar. 

When it comes to my media-quary structure i use sass, wich means i can nest in css. Like we talked about nesting to much can make css harder to read 
but i think it works very well with media-queries and makes it very easy to understand what media-query belong to what class. I have also made some media queries within
my root-file witch helps me make my website responsive. For this project i wanted to dive in a little bit closer into the "clamp()" propertie and it worked well for this project.
Otherwise i would put more of my variables within mediawueris to change their values dependent on the screen-size.

With reakpoints i started of with using the Boostrap-breakpoints and work from them as they are heavily used and i wanted to see if i agreed with them.
I noticed when scaling my website back and forth that they woked well but i wanted somesome slight ajustments in the breakpoints to make my site and 
look better at certain window-sizes. I believe that they are a good starting-point to work with but that every website is individual and you may want things to happen
in between the breakpoints that bootstap have set up. 

For optimisation i have implemented Parcel making sure my images are not to big in file-size and that i can deliver a minifyed code to make it as fast as possible. 
I have also tryed to stay “dry” in writing my code. Trying to see what parts i can grup togeter to not have to wre-write code more that once. 
Example would be. global styling for my navigation, sections, headings and artciles. 

I have also used variables wich optimises the code-abillity as i would just have to change one propertie in oreder to try a different styling on the page
instead of having to change the color-attribute in every class. 


Pros and cons.

Varför valde jag att göra på ett viss sätt.

Vad var det mest utmanande.